In this lab we're just going to set up a couple of health checks for our resources so we can go into
health checks in the 50 free console and create a health check.
So we get a few options here and we need to give it a name.
So first off I'm just going to go back to my screen here where I've got some my IP address is recorded
and I'm going to take our instance in Singapore.
So we're going to come and call this Singapore easy to and I'm just going to paste the IP address.
Now of course you can choose domain names here IP addresses.
You can change your port and your path for the health check.
I don't need to do anything else so I'm just going to click next and create a health check.
You could create an alarm as well using SARS.
So let's just go back now.
I'm going to get the IP address of my North Virginia instance
and I'm just going to call this one North Virginia easy too and paste in the IP address
and again I'm just gonna leave the defaults.
Now the next thing I want to do is go back and get my load balancer DNS name and comeback and create
a health check.
And this time we're going to call it our Sydney dash A or B and we're going to change to domain name
and instead of an IP we're going to put in the domain name which is the DNS name of our load balancer
and click next and tray health check.
I'm just going to do one other thing with see these have already gone to healthy.
I'm just bringing up a command prompt and I'm going to do dig Amazon dot com and what we should see
is we get some records back.
So I'm just going to copy one of these records.
And the reason I'm doing this is just to show you example external.
I'm just gonna paste in that IP address.
Obviously this is not a server which I've provision that's nothing that I have any control over but
it is a web server.
So is listening on port 80 and therefore we should get a health check back from that one.
So there's a few health checks that we're going to give those a couple of minutes and make sure they
all go healthy so I just gave that a couple of minutes and now we can see that all our health checks
are healthy including the one which is hosted on Amazon.com.
So just to show that that's all that we can do is for external records I want to delete that health
check because we don't need that anymore.
So if you look in your health checks you can see a bit more information about them you can see some
of the configuration parameters we left a lot of these defaults.
You can do some things like latency graphs to see the latency that's associated with a specific health
check and you can also choose the health check in regions and then we've got a monitoring tab where
you can see the status of the health checks.
You can set alarms at tags and see hear the status codes 200 which is a hasty T.P. status code that
says that things are good.
So you can see that all the health checks regions have returned a status of 200 for this particular
instance.
And then if you had a licensee grass a neighborhood you'd see those there.
So that's it.
We just needed to set these up because we'll be using them in some of the lamps within the section.